>> Speaker 1: Cuz NVM is open source,
it's not created by some foundation or
some paid company.
It's just some person made this, or
a group of people made this and was like,
here, I'm sick of this.
So it's open source,
so hopefully depending on them to
make a good readme, which they did.
So for NVM, they have a pretty
simple way to install it.
It wasn't this simple when I did it,
but if you have curl, right?
You can just use curl, and you can
just run this script right here, and
it'll pretty much install everything for
you.
Or if you have wget, you could use this,
and that's basically it.
So what it should do is it should add
these environment variables to your Bash.
So export them, it should do all this for
you by default.
But it's just showing you here
just in case it doesn't happen.
And that's about it.
You really shouldn't
have to do anything else.
You should just run this script and
it should just work.
If anything, you might have to source,
update your bash profile or
just open up a new terminal
window to get it to activate.
And that's about it.
And once you install NVM, now you have
to install the latest version of node.
And to that that, all you have to
do is just run NVM install node.
Just like that.
I have all these instructions
in the readme, too.
I kind of go over how to install this
stuff but again if you're using NVM.
Once you install NVM,
just NVM install node.
Node is an alias for the latest version,
which will be 10 11.
So that will download it and
then what you should do now,
is now you got to switch to it.
Now you gotta tell your computer
in NVM that you want to use
the version you just downloaded.
And it gets kind of annoying if
you have to keep doing that,
so instead of us using NVM use node,
what you can do is you can use
the default command, which is default.
>> Speaker 1: Where is that?
Here we go.
So you can just say NVM alias default.
And then the name of the version
that you downloaded, but
if you used the node name,
then it says node.
If you used the version name like ten,
then you will put ten here.
But I recommend just using
node cuz it's the latest.
So all you have to do is just
have an NVM alias default node.
And then now,
any environment that you wrote will
always be the default version ten.
So you know, keep typing it NVM use ten,
NVM use ten every time
you open the window.
So I said,
there's a couple more steps here, but
there's really only like three commands.
You install NVM, you install node,
and then you set it to your default.
Just those three commands, they're in the
readme, and that's all you have to do and
then you are good and then you should
be able to verify your instructions.
Use the Red Bull use the CLI executable.